Generic Methods - Add link to compiler error code (#12856)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/generics/generic-methods.md

  
 [!code-csharp[csProgGuideGenerics#25](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/csProgGuideGenerics/CS/Generics.cs#25)]  
  

>  If you define a generic method that takes the same type parameters as the containing class, the compiler generates warning [CS0693](../docs/csharp/misc/cs0693) because within the method scope, the argument supplied for the inner `T` hides the argument supplied for the outer `T`. If you require the flexibility of calling a generic class method with type arguments other than the ones provided when the class was instantiated, consider providing another identifier for the type parameter of the method, as shown in `GenericList2<T>` in the following example.  

Reviewer: The relative link should be updated:

```suggestion
 If you define a generic method that takes the same type parameters as the containing class, the compiler generates warning [CS0693](../../misc/cs0693.md) because within the method scope, the argument supplied for the inner `T` hides the argument supplied for the outer `T`. If you require the flexibility of calling a generic class method with type arguments other than the ones provided when the class was instantiated, consider providing another identifier for the type parameter of the method, as shown in `GenericList2<T>` in the following example.  
```
